docs: Clarifications in in user-guide/helm.md (#23281)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/helm.md

```

!!! note "When valueFiles or values is used"

>     The list of parameters seen in the UI does not represent the complete set of values used for chart rendering (see [this issue](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/9213)).

Reviewer: I think "rather it is the values/valuesObject merged with parameters" is still valuable to include. Maybe just rephrased to be easier to understand.

Author: How about
```suggestion
    The chart is rendered correctly using the set of values from the different possible sources plus any parameters, merged in the expected order as documented here.
    There is a bug (see [this issue](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/9213) in the UI that only shows the parameters, i.e. it does not represent the complete set of values.
```

Reviewer 2: @HarHarLinks, I like the new phrasing.
